The Joe Rogan experience. No idea.
Yeah. I was, um,
talking to a Neil deGrasse Tyson the other day and he was trying to explain to
me, um, uh, escape, velocity, like any,
he takes my shoe. He goes, let me see your shoe.
And he takes my shoe and he goes, now, if I throw this up in the air,
it's going to come down. But if I throw it hard enough,
it will escape the pole of the gravity of the earth. And once it's free,
it'll go on forever. You see it? That was cool.
Yeah. Like you try to like, put that in your head, like, wait a minute.
What goes on.
Forever? Isn't that the problem now this guy, this is great too.
Just dummies talking. Isn't this, the problem with the moon.
Is that not the problem with the moon, but if you jump on the moon,
you can escape the escape. Like it's easier to get out of the escape philosophy.
The moon. No.
It's one six horse gravity. Oh really?
Yeah. I thought we sat on the moon. You could like show him.
No, no, no, no, no. You can, theoretically,
you can jump higher. And if you believe in NASA, bro,
there's some videos of guys jumping around on the moon. Yeah.
The problem with the videos of people on the moon is that there are videos
that look 100% fake,
but guys fall forward and looks like they get yanked up by wires.
There's a lot of video that looks fake as. I don't know if it's fake.
I don't know if it just looked fake because it's one, six, the earth gravity.
And we don't know what that really looks like until you see it play out.
But there's some videos of guys falling down face first and getting yanked back
up. It looks like a yanked by cords.
Have you seen that picture? That thing that looks at Jamie.
Can we talk about this last time?
Some people send in videos of NFL players doing the exact same thing in the end
zone.
Yeah. Super athletes. Three or four guys doing throw their body,
but they don't have a giant pack on their back. And when I'm wearing helmets,
they're wearing helmets that light compared to what the astronauts are wearing.
Dude astronauts have like one set of a suit that keeps them one second.
True. But it's the concept is the suit. If there,
the concept is they're not even on the moon and then that suit,
it could just be paper money.
But some of the ones where they're pitched completely forward and they just go
badly. What it is, let me find it right now. Yeah. I would love to see it.
That's interesting.
So you, you're still wavering on whether we went to the mint.
Uh, more weight I'm too dumb and uneducated to really know. Right.
But I am wavering more on the possibility that some of the footage was faked.
It's a five second video. So it's like no ahead. But yeah. Yeah.
Boom. That is not the same thing, Jamie,
I can do that super similar though. I can do that.
That guy goes to I'll do that right now. Find another one.
The guy goes to his knees and then uses his momentum, the popup from his knees.
I've.
Seen some, that looked pretty crazy though, man.
That's ridiculous. The moon ones are way more.
Preposterous in that better examples in that they're.
Super athletes.
What they're doing is springing up and you can see the kinetic energy from their
legs. It's forcing them up. They're super athlete, right? They,
they show off those guys do backflips and all the time. They're,
they're physically capable of doing things that a normal person can't do,
but they're not physically capable of defying physics.
What you're seeing in a lot of those moon videos looks like someone's defying
physics they pitch for and they bounce back up. I think they shot a bunch of.
And I think some of the video,
if you're going into space and you're experiencing deep radiation,
the van Allen radiation belts, and from the sun,
you can't even go through the x-ray machine at the airport,
the old x-ray machines with film, they wouldn't let you,
because if you went through with Phil, it would kill your film.
So how are they getting these perfect videos and photos?
And none of them are up by radiation.
It's entirely possible that they did go to the moon,
but they faked a bunch of the film footage because they wanted to have something
and they couldn't really bring anything back. It's entirely possible.
There's fake footage from the Russians. 100% is a precedent.
The footage of Eureka Garren when he's circling the earth for the first time.
And he goes into a rocket and the first guy in space, it's fake as.
He's inside this tiny little compartment and all of a sudden there's,
they've got room in there for a camera. Get the outta here.
You see a light source this way and a light source.
That way he's got dueling shadows behind him.
Cause they got lights set up in there.
Cause they're filming him inside this capsule. No, he shot up in the space.
He really did do it,
but they couldn't fit a bad camera in his tiny little capsule.
It's there's no room. So they just faked it after the fact make sense.
Of course it makes sense. A lot of money. There was no internet.
Back then there was no VHS tapes back then they broadcast something on TV.
As far as their eyes and their mind goes.
That was the only time people are going to see it. Right.
All they have to do is show it to you once. Pull it off.
Nobody ever imagined you'd be able to pull it up on your phone or two stoners
like you and me would be watching on a podcast.
You can find the video of Urunga Garren from inside his, uh,
what would you call those things? Pods. Pods. Would you call it?
You're a Garren in space. You watch it. You go get the out of here.
You watch it and you go, what? That is fake. That is not him or this.
Not him in space. Rather see your nose and blast off
[inaudible] areas is getting on the bus. Buses, headache space.
I can't believe it. Your show me, where are you? Right? Seasoned. Look at that.
Back it up. That was it. That's it. Watch this.
Are we good? We're good. We're on a Starbuck. Here we go. And turn off.
Look at the lights you see, hold up, back up, back up, back up. Stop. Pause it.
Leave the shadows. Shout out to the left. Shout out to the right.
His lights in front of him. They had lights in there.
He's in his tiny little cat. This tiny little pod. How's it lit up.
No, maybe they just have, I don't want, I mean, just don't windows.
Why couldn't they have lights in there Joe? Cause they got no room.
How did it seems.
Like there's enough room.
They don't have lights back then these candles campfire.
There's a campfire in there.
I saw a few breakdowns of the moon landing too. That said it would be way, way,
way harder to fake it back then than it would have been to actually just.
I read that too. Yeah, I've heard that too,
but I don't think we're talking about faking, going to the moon.
You're not understanding what I'm saying. We're talking about faking footage,
not talking about faking, going to the moon.
I think they probably did go to the moon,
but I would imagine that at least some of the footage you're seeing is
horseshit.
It was uh, from what I,
I wasn't obviously alive then it was like a 140 minute live stream. Right?
So that's.
No, no it's not. No, if you, if you just have people in orbit,
it wouldn't be hard to fake. Look, I think it'd be harder to go there.
There would be to fake it. I think going there,
if they did go there and I think they probably did was an unbelievably difficult
thing to do, but like faking that they were there. How hard would that be? Like,
like after the fact like filming footage or filming footage of them in orbit is.
The part you can't. I would have been a mile of film.
Joe. It's really interesting. Why.
Do you know that all that missing? You know,
all the original footage is missing. That's.
The weirdest thing. All the man. Yeah.
I mean, I know you do and you being skeptical guy. I looked it up, but look,
it's missing. Remember when that only that you know what else is missing?
The telemetry data,
all the ones and zeros that show the location of the capsule,
whatever the it is on the waist. I thought.
I read, they still have that data.
That just the original paper it was on or the original magnetic tapes got reused
because they didn't.
Okay. Well, why would you say that? Unless you just,
why don't just Google it and find out that that's what I read. I read.
One last time.
What'd you read?
I read that that the original tapes got written over because they needed the
magnetic tape because there was a shortage at some point.
In time. So, but still.
But the data is still somewhere else.
They recorded over the original tapes of the moon landing.
How much of a shortage of magnetic tape do you have when you're going to record
over all of the video from the moon landing Hackett,
we got a presidential parade from 76. You want to keep that? Yeah. Keep that,
keep that a good one. It's like,
if you're going through like your family's VHS tapes,
like what do you want picnic from 82. Yeah, that was when Mikey drew up,
save it, save it. Like they're saving everything,
but they record over the moon landing. That's it.
Let's just record over the first time in human history, literally.
The craziest thing in human history to ever record over. Right?
It is the dumbest thing in humans. I'm not saying they didn't do it.
They might have,
they might that's the official story might be legit because CNN.
Well, but it might not. Where do you put your money on the moon landing?
Because you know what I'm detecting Joe, when we first got to be friends,
as I recall, you didn't really believe in the moon land.
I didn't believe it at all.
And then you went through a phase because of the podcast and having a lot of
conversations with different people or something happened where you started
shifting your ideas and thinking we did go.
To the moon. No, I started shifting my ideas about everything.
The moon landing is just an example.
That's an extreme example of a position I took that I think represents there is,
there is mystery to that story.
There's a lot of mystery to that story is still to this day.
There's a bunch of weird connected to the moon landing. A lot of it. So when I,
and people were like, no, there's not shut up. No, there is, there is.
There's a bunch of weird connected to it.
How about the fact that they gave a moon rock to a,
was it the prime minister of Holland,
Neil Armstrong and buzz Aldrin and
Michael Collins signed on this plaque and they gave this moon rock to this guy
in Holland and it turned out to be petrified wood. It was fake.
Like it's,
there's so much weird connected to the moon landing that it makes you go like,
wow,
like creepy speeches that Neil Armstrong gave 25 years after the moon
landing talking about uncovering hidden truths, truths,
protective layers that are, you know, Ooh,
great deeds that could be done to those who could remove one of truth,
protective layers. This is a speech that he gave. There's so much weird. Some.
People say there's alien relics.
Up. There's people ridiculous. There's no evidence of that.
But there is evidence that these people are talking really weird about the moon
land. Jamie, can you pull up clean set? You know what Clinton said in his book,
he wrote a book called my life. And in one of the chapters in my life,
he talks about a conversation that he had with a carpenter.
When people landed on the moon,
he was working in a construction site and the guy said,
I don't believe it for a second. Those television fellers,
they could fake anything. And he says, back then I thought the guy was a crank.
But after eight years in the white house,
I was starting to think that maybe he was ahead of his time.
Now this is what bill Clinton wrote in his book,
my life. Wow. Why would the,
would you ever write that if you were the president of the United States for
eight years and you're saying, Hey,
maybe the guy who thought we didn't go to the moon was right, right.
Might not be right. It might be that they faked some footage.
They did fake some photos. There's a photo of micro Collins.
Who's on a moonwalk from like Gemini 15.
And it's not a real photo. It's a photo of him from the test runs. They did,
it's in a warehouse and they blacked out all the background. It's been proven.
They reversed the image and blacked out the background.
You could see the two of them. If you overlay them, they line up perfectly.
It's the exact same image. So someone, whether it is a, uh,
you know,
an overzealous PR agent for NASA or a journalist at the time who
actually made that photograph,
but somebody did and tried to pass that photo office space.
So there's some deception. We know that one is a hundred percent sure.
So then you look at the other ones, you look at the videos of guys falling down,
getting yanked back up and the bouncing around like they're on trampolines and
some videos where they're hiding behind the lunar Rover. Like,
what the are you doing? If you guys tear your suits, you're dead. Sure.
You guys are jumping around on the moon.
Like you're having a party up there is that real right?
How come I can't get a regular camera through the radar machine,
the x-ray machine at the airport.
But you guys can fly through the radiation of space and that should comes out.
But what with those cameras were insulated.
There were different kinds of camera. The camera is not true.
Hassle bad said it. They were the same cameras. It's a regular camera.
There was no specific protection.
There's nothing unusual about the protection that those cameras had.
It's interesting, man. You've like gone back.
No, I haven't. I think this is the thing, man. I'm not taking any position.
You're agnostic a hundred percent because I don't know anything about space.
I don't know anything about the physics of space travel.
I don't know anything about the requirements that technological requirements,
but I do know it's one of the only things that happened between 1969 and 1972.
And this is a cheaper, easier, and faster to reproduce today.
It's weird to be here. It's funny. It's a weird thing.
That's the only time in history,
people have been more than 400 miles from the earth.
Surface was always moon missions, all the Apollo missions, man, everything,
since then, all the space shuttle stuff inside 400 miles satellites, you know.
It's always been a weird thing.
You talk to people about that part and they'll say like,
we just don't need to go there anymore. Maybe.
We don't, maybe they're right. Maybe they're right. They might be right.
We don't know, but it's juicy to think they're not right.
But it's interesting how rabidly people fight off the notion.
Here's the other weird about the Nazis or running our space program.
That's a fact operation paperclip, Verna Von Braun was a Nazi.
They brought all the scientists over like legit Nazis who would hang Jews in
front of their rocket factories in Berlin, Git guys who were,
were tattoos from the Holocaust, identified Wernher Von Braun,
talked about him being in there. That was the head of NASA.
That was the guy who was trying to get us to the moon. Yeah, dude,
there's a lot of weird.
See, now you're getting deep into it.
It's the Nazis doing some kind of thing where they're like trying to fake the
moon landing. Like it's some out to attach to the Nazis. I think.
The Nazis were the best rocket scientists available, right?
Or one of them other than the ones that we had here.
And then the ones the Russians had,
there was a lot of competition to get the best rocket scientists,
but some of the best rocket scientists were in Nazi Germany. So when Nazi,
Germany fell, operation paperclip took place. And in operation,
operation paperclip, they brought a number of Nazi scientists from Germany,
secretly to America. And one of them, they put as a head of NASA.
Yeah. This is where the, this is where it gets really cool.
Someone's explaining all this to me about how basically it's the thing is like,
okay, you think in world war two,
that we just rounded up all the Nazis and they just disappeared.
And it's like, what do you think? All the Nazis went and they're.
Not the ones who were really good at making cool. Yeah.
Well bear aspirin, you know like the, the idea is that the non aspirin. Yeah.
We'll look up. I'm so sorry to ask Jimmy,
but do you mind looking up bear aspirin and psych on be like, and, and, and,
and the Jewish slaves, I think working for bear aspirin,
but when you look at like a lot of the corporate,
the ideas that the Nazis didn't really go anywhere,
they just started corporations.
And some of the biggest corporations we have right now.
An hour,
do you know why Zyklon B is I Clumby because Zyklon B took the smell out of it.
Zyklon a was the stuff that had a C an agent in it that made it smell terrible.
So you could smell that. So when they used it,
the gas that the people in the concentration camps,
they changed it so that it was undetectable yet.
Did it say, what does it say? Jamie is quick on the trigger here today.
Frustrated with us changes the cameras. So if you guys are like, oh,
the bear aspirin company has finally apologized for the inhumane acts of its
parent firm, including using Jewish slave laborers during the Holocaust. Holy.